-----------MAIN COURSES-------------
----Main #1:Beef Fillet----
Step 1:
Preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.

Step 2:
Place the beef on a sheet pan and pat the outside dry with a paper towel. Spread the butter on with your hands. Sprinkle evenly with the salt and pepper. Roast in the oven for exactly 22 minutes for rare and 25 minutes for medium-rare.

Step 3:
Remove the beef from the oven, cover it tightly with aluminum foil, and allow it to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes. Remove the strings and slice the fillet thickly.

----Main #2:Pizza Norma----
Step 1:
On your kitchen surface mix the flour with the salt and make a well in the middle.

Step 2:
In a jug mix the yeast with "some" of the warm water and the sugar, whisk it using a fork and leave it there for few minutes.

Step 3.Pour it into the well;

Step 4:
Add the oil of olive and start kneading until you have a smooth, elastic and compact dough.

Step 5:
Keep adding the remaining water, little by little, letting it to be absorbed and give it the shape of a ball. 

Step 6:
Place the ball in a large bowl dusted with flour at the bottom, cover it with a cloth and let it rise in a warm place, far from airstreams, (like the oven for example) for at least an hour or until the dough has doubled in size.

Step 7:
While the pizza is rising, you can cut the aubergine/eggplant in slices and fry them in a pan filled with olive oil. Now it's time to roll out the pizza with your rolling pin. 

Step 8:
some more flour next to you and use it on the rolling pin so that the dough won't ruin or make holes. Choose the thickness according to your taste, then place it on a baking tray.

Step 9:
Heat the oven on 180°. Now we are ready to make our pizza!
Spread 2-3 table spoons of tomato sauce, few leaves of fresh basil in little pieces, cover all up with mozzarella cheese and place the fried aubergine/eggplant on top. Finally sprinkle with little grated parmesan cheese. Place in the oven for about 15 minutes, but if you have rolled out the dough quite thin, better to check after 10 minutes. 

----Main #3:Vegetarian Risotto----
Step 1:
lace stock and 2 cups cold water in a saucepan over high heat.
Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer until needed.

Step 2:
Meanwhile, heat half the oil in a large, heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped zucchini and tomatoes. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until lightly browned. Transfer to a bowl. Heat remaining oil in pan. Add chopped onion and crushed garlic. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until softened. Add rice. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add lemon juice. Bring to the boil.

Step 3:
Reduce heat to low. Add 1 ladle of stock mixture to rice. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until liquid has absorbed. Repeat with remaining stock, 1 ladle at a time. Add vegetable mixture to rice mixture with last ladle of stock. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until rice is tender. Remove from heat. Stir in basil and cheese. Serve.
