----Main #1:Pizza Primavera----
1:Stir the yeast in warm water in a bowl, add the sugar and leave to sit for about 5 minutes until the mixture is a bit bubbly. Stir in the olive oil. Mix the salt with the flour in a large bowl, add the yeast mixture and knead until a smooth and elastic dough is formed. (I prefer to do this on a clean floured surface rather than in a bowl).

2:Return the dough to the bowl and coat lightly with a drizzle of olive oil. Let it rise for about an hour, until it has doubled in size.

3:Punch the dough down and roll ourt to preferred size and thickness. Bake in a preheated oven for about 5 minutes before adding the topping.

4:Cover the dough with the tomato puree but leave about half an inch around the edge. Cover with mozzarella and sprinkle with some oregano. Cut the sausage and the cheeslet in thick slices and spread around together with the whole olives and sun dried tomatoes. Sprinkle with some freshly ground black pepper (do not add salt since the sausage is quite salty).

5: Bake for about 20 minutes (200 oC fan forced) or until the edges of the pizza are golden brown.

----Main #2:Spaghetti Bolognese----
1.Heat the SuperValu Oil in a frying pan.

2.Add carrot, onion and cook for 5 mins to soften.

3.Add streaky bacon and garlic and toss in pan for 3 mins.
=======
--Mushroom Soup--
>>>>>>> .merge_file_4In8UP

4.Add minced meat to pan and cook for 5 mins or until all meat is cooked.

5.Pour the tomatoes, tomato paste, chopped rosemary and basil into mixture and simmer for 15 mins.

6.Cook spaghetti according to pack instructions with a splash of SuperValu olive oil and a pinch of salt.

7.Reserve some of the cooking water, drain and pour the pasta into the pan along with the sauce.

8.Toss together, thinning with pasta water, if needed, and serve with the extra basil leaves with Parmesan shavings on top.

----Main #3:Pizza Norma----
1:On your kitchen surface mix the flour with the salt and make a well in the middle.

2:In a jug mix the yeast with "some" of the warm water and the sugar, whisk it using a fork and leave it there for few minutes.

3.Pour it into the well;

4:Add the oil of olive and start kneading until you have a smooth, elastic and compact dough.

<<<<<<< .merge_file_98dWDR
5:Keep adding the remaining water, little by little, letting it to be absorbed and give it the shape of a ball. 

6:Place the ball in a large bowl dusted with flour at the bottom, cover it with a cloth and let it rise in a warm place, far from airstreams, (like the oven for example) for at least an hour or until the dough has doubled in size.

7:While the pizza is rising, you can cut the aubergine/eggplant in slices and fry them in a pan filled with olive oil. Now it's time to roll out the pizza with your rolling pin. 

8:some more flour next to you and use it on the rolling pin so that the dough won't ruin or make holes. Choose the thickness according to your taste, then place it on a baking tray.
=======
----Pizza Norma----
Step 1:
On your kitchen surface mix the flour with the salt and make a well in the middle.
>>>>>>> .merge_file_4In8UP

9:Heat the oven on 180°. Now we are ready to make our pizza!
Spread 2-3 table spoons of tomato sauce, few leaves of fresh basil in little pieces, cover all up with mozzarella cheese and place the fried aubergine/eggplant on top. Finally sprinkle with little grated parmesan cheese. Place in the oven for about 15 minutes, but if you have rolled out the dough quite thin, better to check after 10 minutes. 
<<<<<<< .merge_file_98dWDR
=======

----Vegetarian Risotto----
Step 1:
lace stock and 2 cups cold water in a saucepan over high heat.
Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Simmer until needed.

Step 2:
Meanwhile, heat half the oil in a large, heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add chopped zucchini and tomatoes. Cook, stirring, for 2 to 3 minutes or until lightly browned. Transfer to a bowl. Heat remaining oil in pan. Add chopped onion and crushed garlic. Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until softened. Add rice. Cook, stirring, for 1 minute. Add lemon juice. Bring to the boil.

Step 3:
Reduce heat to low. Add 1 ladle of stock mixture to rice. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until liquid has absorbed. Repeat with remaining stock, 1 ladle at a time. Add vegetable mixture to rice mixture with last ladle of stock. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes or until rice is tender. Remove from heat. Stir in basil and cheese. Serve.

----Veggie Burger---
	
1. Heat half the oil in a frying pan and gently fry the onions for about 10 mins until pale and soft, then leave to cool a little.
2.	Finely chop the spinach in a food processor and tip into a bowl. Add the cooled onion, breadcrumbs, nutmeg, cheddar and Parmesan, and mash together. Add the beaten egg, a little at a time (you may not need all of it), until the mixture holds together. Divide into eight (see tip below) and shape into fat burgers.
3.	Put the flour in a shallow bowl, season well and dip the burgers into the flour to coat. Store in a plastic container between layers of baking parchment. Either chill until ready to cook, or freeze.
4.	Heat the remaining oil in the frying pan and fry for about 5 mins each side until browned all over. Serve in the crusty rolls, with a couple of slices of tomato, ketchup and sweet potato fries on the side, if you like

--Main #5:Risotto with peas & broad beans--

Method:

1.Heat oil and 25g of the butter in a large pan over a medium heat. Add the onion and cook until soft and translucent, about 4-5 mins. 
2.Stir in the rice and cook for a further 2 mins. Turn up the heat and add the wine, let it bubble to evaporate the alcohol.
3.Once the wine has reduced, begin adding the hot stock a ladle at a time over a medium heat, allowing each addition to be absorbed before adding the next and stirring continuously. The rice should always be moist, but not swimming in liquid. The process of adding and stirring should take about 16-20 mins, depending on what kind of risotto rice you use.
4.Bring a pan of salted water to the boil and blanch the peas and beans for 2-3 mins. Drain and set aside. Remove the risotto from the heat and stir in the remaining butter, Parmesan, peas and beans with some seasoning before serving.


—DESSERTS—
N0#1: Lemon Cheesecake

Method:

1.To make the base crush biscuits, melt butter in saucepan, take off heat and stir in brown sugar and biscuit crumbs
2.Press into an 8 inch loose bottomed cake tin, chill in fridge while making the topping
3.Beat together the cream cheese, castor sugar, lemon zest and lemon juice until smooth and creamy
4.Spread over the base and chill for a couple of hours.

N0#2: Chocolate Cake
 
Method:
Preheat the oven to 180C, gas 4.
Beat together the eggs, flour, caster sugar, butter and baking powder until smooth in a large mixing bowl.
Put the cocoa in separate mixing bowl, and add the water a little at a time to make a stiff paste. Add to the cake mixture.
Turn into the prepared tins, level the top and bake in the preheated oven for about 20-25 mins, or until shrinking away from the sides of the tin and springy to the touch.
Leave to cool in the tin, then turn on to a wire rack to become completely cold before icing.
To make the icing: measure the cream and chocolate into a bowl and carefully melt over a pan of hot water over a low heat, or gently in the microwave for 1 min (600w microwave). Stir until melted, then set aside to cool a little and to thicken up.
To ice the cake: spread the apricot jam on the top of each cake. Spread half of the ganache icing on the top of the jam on one of the cakes, then lay the other cake on top, sandwiching them together.
Use the remaining ganache icing to ice the top of the cake in a swirl pattern. Dust with icing sugar to serve.

N0#3: Banoffee Pie

Method:

1.Put the crushed biscuit into a bowl with the melted butter. Mix it together thoroughly, then press the mixture into the base and sides of your tin. Chill for ten minutes. This will form the base of your easy banoffee pie.

2.Spread the caramel over the base. Just spread it out with a spoon or a spatula.

3.Slice the bananas and scatter them over the top, then put the cream on top and decorate with grated chocolate. Just keep it in the fridge until you’re ready.

Conclusion: We hope you enjoyed trying out these recipes of our first book. Stay tuned for our second book!

>>>>>>> .merge_file_4In8UP
